Our goal is to build a model to predict if a funding applicant for Alphabet Soup has the best chance for success.

Results: Using bulleted lists and images to support your answers, address the following questions:

Data Preprocessing

What variable(s) are the target(s) for your model?
  IS_SUCCESSFUL—Was the money used effectively

What variable(s) are the features for your model?

  APPLICATION_TYPE—Alphabet Soup application type
  AFFILIATION—Affiliated sector of industry
  CLASSIFICATION—Government organization classification
  USE_CASE—Use case for funding
  ORGANIZATION—Organization type
  STATUS—Active status
  INCOME_AMT—Income classification
  SPECIAL_CONSIDERATIONS—Special considerations for application
  ASK_AMT—Funding amount requested

What variable(s) should be removed from the input data because they are neither targets nor features?
  EIN and NAME—Identification columns

Compiling, Training, and Evaluating the Model

How many neurons, layers, and activation functions did you select for your neural network model, and why?
  Neurons: 200, 120, 60, 20, 1 = 401 total for really no reason
  Layers 4
Were you able to achieve the target model performance? No

What steps did you take in your attempts to increase model performance?
- More Epochs
- More Layers
- Bucketing the ASK_AMT values, scaling and training on that data
- Adding more Epochs, layers, and nodes after bucketing the ASK_AMT
- Finally I tried to automate the model tuning and cast way too big a net. This ended up trying +250 model configuartions in over 2.5 hours and I gave up.

Summary: Summarize the overall results of the deep learning model. Include a recommendation for how a different model could solve this classification problem, and then explain your recommendation.

My models are not very accurate, but Given enough time and the right direction, it could be better. A birdy told me higher accuracy can be achieved by adding back in the NAME—Identification column but I cannot explain this unless name has some correlation. Maybe better sounding company names have a better success rate.